ZHA: Reformat several Troubleshooting sections and tips (#38043)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

#### Defining Zigbee channel to use

> {% warning %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% important %}
```

The best practice is to **not change the Zigbee channel** from the ZHA default.

> {% endwarning %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endimportant %}
```
I would be careful with the term "warning", is it collides with the ANSI Z.535 definition for signal words to use in documentation. For safety information, Warning is used to " identify a hazard that "may" cause death and will cause injury".

## Troubleshooting

{% note %}
To help resolve any kinks or compatibility problems, report bugs as issues with debug logs.
{% endnote %}

### Limitations

> Please note the following limitations. This list may not be exhaustive; if you find an opportunity to improve this information, please submit feedback for this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of ZHA limitations may not be exhaustive.
```

3. If the issue is related to a specific Zigbee device, provide both the **Zigbee Device Signature** and the **Diagnostics** information.
     - Both the **Zigbee Device Signature** and the **Diagnostics** information can be found under {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}. Select the **Zigbee Home Automation** integration. Then, select **Configure** > **Devices** (pick your device). Select **Zigbee Device Signature** and **Download Diagnostics**, respectively.

{% tip %}

> When troubleshooting, please review the following sections on this page before reaching out for support:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For troubleshooting, read the following sections on this page. They provide information on improving your Zigbee network performance.
```
In instructions, we usually [don't use please](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/p/please)

- [Best practices to avoid pairing/connection difficulties](#best-practices-to-avoid-pairingconnection-difficulties)
- [Zigbee interference avoidance and network range/coverage optimization](#zigbee-interference-avoidance-and-network-rangecoverage-optimization)

> 
> These sections both provide helpful advice on improving your Zigbee network performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
